inputdata.csv
metadata

Resulting data and treatments applied for each well in the experiment
The data are sorted by the ID value for the experimental plate, then by columns and rows within plates.

Columns include:

sqmmE
This is the area of measured duckweed fronds inside the well at the experiment end.
It was measured using ImageJ.
It is converted from pixel area to square millimiters using size markers on the wellplate.

perE
This is the total perimeter to shapes identified as duckweed fronds inside the well at the experiment end.
It was measured using ImageJ.
It is converted from pixels to millimiters using size markers on the wellplate.

areapperE
This is a ratio: sqmmE/perE

meangray
This is the average color intensity of shapes identified as duckweed fronds inside the well at the experiment end.
It was measured using ImageJ.

meanround
This is the average roundness of shapes identified as duckweed fronds inside the well at the experiment end.
It was measured using ImageJ.

OD600
This is the optical density at 600 nm of liquid in experimental wells at the experiment end.

lnOD600
This is the natural log of OD600

duck
A one or two letter abbreviation of the site name for the source of the duckweeds.
A = Arsandco Pond, B = Broken Bridge, Ca = Cambelleville, Ce = Cedarvale Pond, 
H = Humber Bay Park East, K = Koeffler Scientific Reserve, M = Moccasin Trail
R = Rattray, U = University of Toronto Mississagua, W = West Duffins

micr
A one or two letter abbreviation of the site name for the source of the microbial community inoculated

SA
A numerical vector indicating whether the sources of the microbes (micr) and duckweeds (duck) match

zinc
An alphanumeric indication of the zinc treatment applied. Either high (H) or low (L)

numzinc
A numeric version of (zinc): 1 (high) or 0 (low)

plate
The plate ID number for the well

col
The column (1-6) for the well in the plate

row
The row for the well in the plate. A,B,C,D are converted to 1,2,3,4.

x
The location of the well on the x-axis (in cm), where the x,y origin is the back left corner of the shelf

y
The location of the well on the y-axis (in mm), where the x,y origin is the back left corner of the shelf

duckNImpv
The proportion of impervious surface area in 0.5 km radius around the collection site corresponding to the origin of the duckweeds in the well
1-duckNImpv corresponds to permeable surface area

micrNImpv
The proportion of impervious surface area in 0.5 km radius around the collection site corresponding to the origin of the microbial community in the well
1-micrNImpv corresponds to permeable surface area
